Welcome to part one of Software Engineering Practices.
Here, we will go over a few techniques that we can adopt as
data scientists to be better developers and prepare for production level code.
You will learn how to write clean and modular code,
improve your code's efficiency,
document effectively, and use version control.
These are all essential skills to develop as
a programmer and will really help you when implementing production solutions.
In addition, data scientists often work side-by-side with software engineers,
and it's important you work well together.
This means being familiar with standard practices
and being able to collaborate effectively with others on code.
Let's walk through each of these practices and
learn how they're applied as a data scientist.